release: Release 4 gems (#1161)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib: helpers/sql-obfuscation/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History: opentelemetry-helpers-sql-obfuscation

### v0.2.0 / 2024-09-10

> * BREAKING CHANGE: Return message when sql is over the obfuscation limit
> 
> * FIXED: Return message when sql is over the obfuscation limit

Reviewer: @arielvalentin  - Is this too wordy for a changelog entry? I have another option that's a little more concise in another comment below. I think these should be edited regardless, since the same message is listed twice.

Whatever we pick, I'll apply to the other changelogs.

```suggestion
* BREAKING CHANGE: Return a message when sql is over the obfuscation limit. Fixes a bug that sent un-obfuscated statements when sql was over the obfuscation limit and the statement had prepended comments.
```

> * BREAKING CHANGE: Return message when sql is over the obfuscation limit
> 
> * FIXED: Return message when sql is over the obfuscation limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BREAKING CHANGE: Return message when sql is over the obfuscation limit

* FIXED: SQL statements with prepended comments that exceeded the obfuscation limit would be sent unsanitized  
```
